Hey guys welcome back to the course and welcome to the new section on landing pages and lead magnets.
I don't know if you've heard of these concepts before but they're two things that work together really
really well especially if you're interested in building up a list and then trying to sell your services
sell your products to that list.
That's probably one of the easiest ways to go out there and make a repeatable process of getting leads.
It is a little bit saturated nowadays.
I will miss it but we couldn't really leave it out of the chorus because it still works really well.
So what are landing pages and lead magnets.
Exactly.
Well let me ask you this.
Have you ever tried to let's say download an e-book or sign up for free webinars.
Well if so what exactly did you have to do first.
Well you probably filled out a form those forms ask for things like personal information like maybe
your name email address and sometimes stuff like company name phone number or you know whatever kind
of business you're end once you feel that form out and submit it you'll get what's promised your e-book
or white paper or whatever.
Well that form and all that information about the thing you want in return is usually found Honda on
the landing page.
Now l'Anglais just called that because many people land there from links included in ads emails or other
calls to action a landing page is an independent entity.
It's usually separated from someone's home page and it's usually just one page on a landing page the
primary goal is to get people to take an action whether it's a complete a form sign up for an event
or something like that.
They are usually focused solely on one thing.
That's also why they're often called squeeze pages because they'll squeeze the viewer into doing one
very very specific thing for marketers landing pages are incredibly useful because you're pitching a
new service or you want people to sign up for one very specific thing.
Well then what's better than to make a page that only talks on that one singular thing and only ask
them to do one thing.
That way when you watch people come to your page you know exactly what they're responding to it's not
as if they go to their home page got confused about all the different pages and buttons they can click.
In that case you wouldn't be able to associate that confusion or disinterest with any one product on
your page.
Now in the theoretical scenario once they complete let's say the form on the landing page Well now they're
a lead for whatever web site you just signed up for.
Now someone in that business can contact you with some kind of marketing messaging some promotions e-mails
and usually invites to more related things they think that the lead might want.
And what about that thing you download more.
You know the webinars that you get to attend now.
Well that valuable piece of content is what we have called a lead magnet.
It's the promise of that value that attracts people like a magnet and gets them to give up their e-mail
and agree to be marketed to.
So basically like dangling something shiny or a piece of candy in front of someone and then when they
reach for it you say no tell me your name first.
Are you.
You know not me you get I'm you just ask the damn question is why you and you use up you.
Yes you should pay me.
Yes.
I am me.
Here's to me and I'm you and you'll always me because I'm sick of playing games.
I you as a business are giving away something of value to get something of value back.
Now creating lead magnets and serving them up and landing pages can be a great opportunity to grow your
customer base.
So much is ahead.
We're going to talk about how you can prep your own compelling landing pages and create lead magnets
of your own so you can.